---
layout: page
title: AB-SC-2014-May-8-Minutes
---

<div id="bodyContent">
		
		
		
		
<table id="toc" class="toc"><tr><td>
<div id="toctitle"><h2>Contents</h2></div>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-1 tocsection-1">
<a href="#Advisory_Board_Steering_Committee_First_meeting_.28May_8.2C_2014_one_hour.29"><span class="tocnumber">1</span> <span class="toctext">Advisory Board Steering Committee First meeting (May 8, 2014 one hour)</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-2"><a href="#I._Summary_of_the_AB-wide_issues"><span class="tocnumber">1.1</span> <span class="toctext">I. Summary of the AB-wide issues</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-3">
<a href="#II._Committees"><span class="tocnumber">1.2</span> <span class="toctext">II. Committees</span></a>
<ul>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-4"><a href="#1._Education_.26_Outreach_Committee"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.1</span> <span class="toctext">1. Education &amp; Outreach Committee</span></a></li>
<li class="toclevel-3 tocsection-5"><a href="#2._Conferences_and_Meetings_committee"><span class="tocnumber">1.2.2</span> <span class="toctext">2. Conferences and Meetings committee</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toclevel-2 tocsection-6"><a href="#III._Communications:"><span class="tocnumber">1.3</span> <span class="toctext">III. Communications:</span></a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</td></tr></table>
<h1> <span class="mw-headline" id="Advisory_Board_Steering_Committee_First_meeting_.28May_8.2C_2014_one_hour.29"> Advisory Board Steering Committee First meeting (May 8, 2014 one hour) </span>
</h1>
<p>6:00 am.- Pacific time: 9:00 am.-NY time; 2:00 pm.-Lisbon and London; 
3:00 pm. -Brussels; and 9:00 pm.-Shanghai. 
</p>
<p>Participation: Joseph A. Busch, Ana Alice Baptista, Muriel Foulonneau, Stuart Sutton, Marcia Zeng
</p>
<p>Keven was on a trip therefore could not attend. Emma had to deal with an emergent system issue. They were represented by their co-chairs. The meeting is recorded for everyone to listen after the meeting. 
</p>
<p><br>
</p>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="I._Summary_of_the_AB-wide_issues"> I. Summary of the AB-wide issues </span>
</h2>
<dl><dd> 
</dd></dl>
<p>1. The membership of AB: needs further discussions from the group, may propose to EC, but it would be a cross-board issue for the whole DCMI. Eventually the governing board could make some guidelines and policies for all DCMI boards.
</p>
<p>2. Committee member recruiting: AB would let the chairs to decide who to work with and how many members needed. The Chairs will be responsible to find people by themselves, as flexible as possible.
</p>
<p>3. The 2014 Annual meeting will give the committees time to meet. Since it is on Saturday, there should be a lot of time to have informal discussions with DCMI conference participants from Tuesday and on. Will be good to recruit committee members and also gather ideas.
</p>
<p><br>
</p>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="II._Committees"> II. Committees </span>
</h2>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="1._Education_.26_Outreach_Committee"> 1. Education &amp; Outreach Committee </span>
</h3>
<p>The Committee will have a proposal of the projections in 2 weeks. (Including short term and long-term goals. Will include the measurement, and align the objectives with the action items.) The chairs will focus on the short-term goal's accomplishment. Then, will invite people to serve on the Committee. The structure will have three levels; there will be team working on their tasks. Stuart will be available to comment/mark on the document the Committee prepared.
</p>
<p>There is an established infrastructure of the webinar with ASIST, managed through Stuart’s effort. The online form is available for people to propose webinars. 
</p>
<p>A Leaning Linked Data proposal has been prepared for an IMLS grant, led by Mike and participated by other DCMI people. 
</p>
<p><br>
</p>
<h3> <span class="mw-headline" id="2._Conferences_and_Meetings_committee"> 2. Conferences and Meetings committee  </span>
</h3>
<p>A set of questions to be answered before next Steering Committee meeting: (this is updated with the email sent after the SC meeting by Muriel on May 9).
</p>
<ul>
<li>. Committee composition
</li>
<li>. Annual meeting pieces: what are the types of costs for the organization of the annual committee? Are the costs mainly for travels? Where are the members based?
</li>
<li>. Event construction kit prepared by Stuart, where to locate.
</li>
<li>. A panel could be organized at ASIST’s annual meeting.
</li>
</ul>
<p><br>
</p>
<h2> <span class="mw-headline" id="III._Communications:"> III. Communications: </span>
</h2>
<ul>
<li>•	Committees can use mailing list for communications. Some are monitored. 
</li>
<li>•	Wiki should be used for documenting the actions, meeting minutes, etc. Wiki location: <a href="http://metaweidner.github.io/dcmi-iac/wikihttp://wiki.dublincore.org/DCMI_Advisory_Board" class="external free" rel="nofollow">http://wiki.dublincore.org/index.php/DCMI_Advisory_Board</a> 
</li>
</ul>
<p>IV. Future meeting schedule: 
</p>
<ul>
<li>•	Propose to have the AB Steering Committee’s monthly meeting on the second Thursday of the month.
</li>
<li>•	Stuart already booked WebEx session for the repeating event. Check the schedules at: <a href="http://alturl.com/7hauy" class="external free" rel="nofollow">http://alturl.com/7hauy</a>
</li>
</ul>



				
				
	</div>